---
title:  BLUG - Special Events
filter:
  - erb
  - textile
---

h2. BLUG Installfest in the Cloud

Walk in with a laptop/netbook/tablet. Walk out with a free Linux server, installed, running, and on the internet.

h2. When & Where

Saturday, February 5, 2011 from 10 am to 2 pm.

<p style="padding-left: 2em;">
Aztek Networks<br />
2477 55th St, Suite 202<br />
Boulder, CO 80301<br />
</p>

This is the same place as our "monthly meetings":meetings.html.

h2. What are we going to do?

You keep hearing about Cloud Computing. Come do it, hands-on. If you've already done it, come help.

This will *not* be a talk. Nope. This is your chance to come in and fumble through setting up your Amazon Web Services (AWS) account and then launching your server in a room with a whole bunch of other folks who're doing the same thing. Wander in when you want, wander out when you're done. Or stick around to help someone else.

Jeff Haemer, our Speaker Coordinator, is putting this together; for more information, or if you have something to volunteer for the event, "contact him":mailto:jeffrey.haemer%2Bblug@gmail.com.

"TekSystems":http://www.teksystems.com/ -- specifically, Patrick Homans and Clint Rubottom -- stepped up and volunteered to get us pizza. There really is such a thing as a free lunch.

"Aztek Networks":http://www.azteknetworks.net/ is donating space. (Thanks, Daryl!) Dean Johnson, Aztek's SysAdmin, says he'll make sure we have a big enough pipe out to the internet. I believe him.

The "Aha!" that what we really need is an Installfest comes from Rob Nagler, of "bivio Software":http://www.bivio.biz/.

"Ben Whaley":http://www.amazon.com/UNIX-Linux-System-Administration-Handbook/dp/0131480057/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1292610242&sr=8-1 , of Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook fame, jumped in and says he'll supply the expertise.

It's so easy your mom can do it; if she wants her own free, Cloud, Linux server, bring her along.

